[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Breast cancer patients
is a good example.
The first recommendation,
I would probably
do a 30-day Gerson
Plus program, just
to get your body's
nutrition, immune system, up
and running as best you can.
If you don't have
time for that, go in
and have the surgery
done immediately.
But if you do have the time, do
a 30-day presurgical treatment.
Then go in and have a
simple lumpectomy done.
The director of the AMA,
about five years ago,
published this statement.
There is absolutely
no difference
in five-year survival rates
between simple lumpectomy,
simple mastectomy,
radical mastectomy.
Why are we doing so many
radical mastectomies,
disfiguring all these women?
No reason to do it,
except maybe money?
A simple lumpectomy
is just as effective.
Go in and do the
simple lumpectomy,
One more thing on that,
even if you have--
and this isn't just for breast
cancer, any kind of cancer--
even if you have active
cancer in the lymph nodes,
my recommendation is do
not remove any lymph nodes.
Once you start destroying
lymph node chains,
the lymph node circulation
never comes back.
The patient's abilities,
healing and otherwise,
are always compromised,
especially when
for the most part
surgery, radiation,
and chemo are not curative.
As the director of the
AMA already stated,
the American Medical
Association, less than 30%
of the patients survive
independent of the stage
they come in.
So if it's not curative,
why destroy yourself,
why maim yourself?
The future in medicine as
I see it is the following.
If we look at where medicine
was 25 years ago, to where
it is now, we see major
improvement and major steps
forward.
When I first started
almost 30 years ago,
I figured it would take
probably most of my lifetime
before we would begin to
see major changes take place
within the legal
system that would allow
nutritional medicine
to be part of what
is used on an everyday basis.
"Time" magazine had an
article a few years back
about the revolution in
medicine that's taking place.
And alternative medicine
is becoming more and more
at a forefront
leader in treatment.
On almost every street corner
now in the United States,
you see a sign go
up at a doctor's
or chiropractor's office,
alternative medicine down here.
Well, what do they mean
by alternative medicine?
Yeah, it's different from what
conventional medicine typically
is.
You see more and more
physicians using nutraceuticals,
using healthier things.
We're heading in
the right direction.
Are we there yet?
No.
In California, as an
example, where I live,
it's still a felony to
not suggest and/or use
chemotherapy, surgery, or
radiation for a cancer patient.
We have to move away from
this mindset and this control,
strict control on medicine,
and go to therapies
that are used around the world.
In the United States, a lot
of even conventional drugs
are not available that are used
in other countries like Canada,
like Australia, like
England, and Germany.
We need to change the mindset
of our legislators everywhere,
worldwide, to look back at
the thousands and thousands--
probably now in the
millions of patients--
who have used alternative
approaches to heal disease.
There is a vast
database out there.
Conventional medicine needs
to start looking at it more.
Legislators need to
start looking at it more.
If someone is intelligent
enough to go to medical school,
and pass the exams,
and get licensed,
they should also be
intelligent enough
to use what is a treatment
program that should work well
for the patient.
If the patient is paying
for the treatment,
they should be able to choose--
have the freedom to choose
the treatment that they think
is best for them.
In this day of
informed consent, you
must inform your patient of all
the reactions that take place,
or all about the probable
ones, so the patient
knows the pros and cons of the
treatment they're undergoing.
And if the doctor wants to
make the choice to use this,
and if the patient
wants to make the choice
to use this, why
should it not be used,
especially when it has
such a proven track record?
Things like the
Gerson therapy now
has close to a
100-year track record.
And the Gerson Plus
therapy has a track record
now of over 20 years.
And it's been proven to have--
even in the patient base that
we have of the cancer patients,
over 92% of them being
end-state disease,
the Gerson Plus therapy
has a proven track record
of having at least a 25%
increase in overall patient
survival rates in
that patient base.
What are they so scared of?
Why do they not want
to use something
that has a proven track
record worldwide to work?
Is it financial?
Is that it just doesn't work?
That part isn't true.
We've already proven that.
So what is the reason why
we don't have more access
to health care that meets
basic needs, changes diet
and lifestyle, which now has
a marvelous worldwide track
record?
Hundreds and hundreds of
studies done, on every continent
practically in the
world, that shows
that whole food, plant-based
diets cure patients.
Why don't we use that more?
If you do something
proactive about your health,
if you take action, there
is absolutely no reason
why you can't get well.
[MUSIC PLAYING]